#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
anyascii==0.3.2
    # via sphinx-autoapi
astroid==2.15.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx-autoapi
    #   sphinx-autodoc2
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.12.1
    # via sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via requests
colorama==0.4.6
    # via sphinx-autobuild
contourpy==1.1.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.0
    # via matplotlib
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
docutils==0.18.1
    # via
    #   myst-parser
    #   nbsphinx
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
fastjsonschema==2.18.0
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.43.0
    # via matplotlib
idna==3.4
    # via requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   myst-parser
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbsphinx
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-autoapi
jsonschema==4.19.1
    # via nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.3.1
    # via nbclient
jupyter-core==5.3.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
lazy-object-proxy==1.9.0
    # via astroid
livereload==2.6.3
    # via sphinx-autobuild
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   myst-parser
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.8.0
    # via sphinxext-opengraph
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.0
    # via myst-parser
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.1
    # via nbconvert
myst-parser==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.8.0
    # via nbsphinx
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbsphinx
nbsphinx==0.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.26.0
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
pillow==10.0.1
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via jupyter-core
pyenchant==3.2.2
    # via sphinxcontrib-spelling
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   myst-parser
    #   sphinx-autoapi
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via jupyter-client
readthedocs-sphinx-search==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via sphinx
rpds-py==0.10.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   livereload
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==7.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   myst-parser
    #   nbsphinx
    #   sphinx-autoapi
    #   sphinx-autobuild
    #   sphinx-copybutton
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
    #   sphinxcontrib-applehelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-devhelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-jquery
    #   sphinxcontrib-qthelp
    #   sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml
    #   sphinxcontrib-spelling
    #   sphinxext-opengraph
sphinx-autoapi==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx-autobuild==2021.3.14
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx-autodoc2==0.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx-copybutton==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinx-rtd-theme==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.7
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.5
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jquery==4.1
    # via sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.6
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.9
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-spelling==8.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxext-opengraph==0.8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   livereload
traitlets==5.10.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   nbsphinx
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via sphinx-autodoc2
urllib3==2.0.5
    # via requests
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via astroid
